Added "osm2pgsql" version of updating page. (#188)
switch2osm/switch2osm.github.io: serving-tiles/manually-building-a-tile-server-debian-11.md

You now have a Mapnik XML stylesheet at /home/youraccountname/src/openstreetmap-carto/mapnik.xml .
# Loading data

Initially, we'll load only a small amount of test data. Other download locations are available, but "download.geofabrik.de" has a wide range of options. In this example we'll download the data for Azerbaijan, which is about 32Mb.

> Browse to https://download.geofabrik.de/asia/azerbaijan.html and note the "This file was last modified" date (e.g. "2020-11-13T21:42:03Z"). We'll need that later if we want to update the database with people's susbsequent changes to OpenStreetMap. Download it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browse to https://download.geofabrik.de/asia/azerbaijan.html and note the "This file was last modified" date (e.g. "2022-06-05T20:21:37Z"). We'll need that later if we want to update the database with people's susbsequent changes to OpenStreetMap. Download it as follows:
```
